[Music]
hello this is chef Justin with howdini
dot-com today we're gonna do a very
simple breakfast that everybody out
there is familiar with scrambled eggs so
of course we got eggs we got butter but
ask yourself something
do you use milk or water to mix with
your eggs milk right wrong answer
you use water the eggs get a lot flow a
lot more fluffy and they don't brown on
the bottom so of course we got water
this time instead of milk so we're gonna
start now by cracking two eggs into it
into a mixing bowl just like this
there's one here's two we're just gonna
add in just a little bit of water here
you can just eyeball this just however
you like we're just gonna beat these
together just with a fork really simple
wrist motion here just like this last
little bit out that's okay more fun that
way right okay got our eggs mixed up so
now we're gonna take the butter just
like this we're gonna put this just into
the bottom of the pan to melt and it's
gonna melt down really quick now so
we're just gonna give this just a quick
shake just to kind of cover the bottom
of the pan with the butter and of course
from here then and goes the egg just
like this okay you can see here since we
got a really hot pan that these eggs are
gonna cook lightning-fast so we're gonna
get the H is moving just to just to make
sure they don't burn we're going to mix
this around just a little bit you can
see the eggs are already starting to
come together here in the scramble form
we're gonna keep moving these around
just a little bit the different edges
are gonna continue to cook themselves
together give it that really nice you
can see by using the water of how dense
and how how really nicely they're coming
together and of course again the water
is going to prevent them from browning
as they usually would when you use milk
so again we're it's kind of rustling
these together just kind of keeping it
moving just like this then once it's the
majority of the eggs on the outside are
finished and it starting to become one
specific piece like this you can start
folding them over just so then the
undersides get done then of course
whether or not you wanted hold you want
to dice up you can just kind of cut them
apart just like this of course you still
continuing to move these around just
like this making sure the inside always
of these
of these covered up eggs here are always
done because you never want to find
yourself eating a raw egg very bad peon
just doesn't taste good either now these
are looking just about done so right now
we're gonna pull these off the heat just
like this and we're gonna throw these
onto a plate right over here just like
that now you got the eggs on the plate
you can do just simply like your
favorite kind of cheese like right now I
have romano cheese so we're just going
to kind of sprinkle this right over the
top here just like this and also even if
you want to garnish with a little bit of
parsley on top salt and pepper of course
and for whatever reason some people like
maple syrup on top I have no idea why
but just like this you have a very
simple classic American scrambled eggs
dish for breakfast